friends of publimetro that we are level
of court in this great game that are
Disputing Maria Sharapova and Magdalena
rybarikova who has given battle to
the Russian number 2 in the world and well then
It has been a compliment to see the Russian
maya as it is known by all its
followers entered the field
clad in applause for all the
Mexican hobby that has received him in
this open Mexican tennis in
acapulco well with great expectation know
which is the favorite , however, there is
to take into account that sharapova has
shown very calm and very balanced in
every moment and this is these images
because it is what has generated in this duel
of quarterfinals to stay alive
in this Mexican open tennis
Acapulco
efe
already
good
and well finally the meeting ended
Between magdalena rybarikova and maria
sharapova who then obtained the
Victory in meeting expectations
being the favorite of his rooms
final and now it is already advancing to the
next round of this Mexican open
of tennis that has been spectacular
in all its forms and sharapova by
course the favorite of all the fans
mexican today fulfilled but not the
had nothing easy because the second set
was for rybarikova then well let's go
to hope that it will be done I will continue
with its good results especially
for this Mexican hobby that like
you have already observed in this video
He was completely delivered throughout
this meeting from acapulco to
publicetro aldo miranda